EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/product_description/monitoring_and_control.md

# Monitoring and control

## ERP request log

> All communication (request- and response messages), that is sent between shop and ERP system will be recorded and can bee seen here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All communication (request and response messages), that is sent between shop and ERP system is recorded and can be reviewed.
```

![](img/ERPRequest_Log.png)

## ERP Performance

Only if an ERP system is connected!

The ERP performance viewer shows the efficiency of the connection between the shop and the ERP system in a monitoring. It allows to see the number of the different requests per date and time.

The monitoring tool regularly checks the connection to the ERP via a test request.

If the connection has failed, the administrator receives an e-mail. If the connection is successful again, the alarm is ended by another e-mail.

![](img/ERP_performance.png)

## email archive

> In the tab email archive the shop owner/admin finds all e-mails which were automatically sent from the shop, with date of despatch, recipient, subject and status. He can see the mails and resend them if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the tab email archive the shop owner/admin can find all emails which were automatically sent from the shop, with date of dispatch, recipient, subject and status. They can check the emails and resend them if necessary.
```

The email archive reduces the response time for the support and enables resending an email to the customer.

![](img/image2018-11-21_9-31-12.png)

## eContent

> If eContent is used as product data storage the shop owner can see all eContent types (product_group und product) with the associated attributes and where they are mapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If eContent is used as product data storage the shop owner can see all eContent types (`product_group` and `product`) with the associated attributes and where they are mapped.
```

> In the "eContent tasks" he can see how many products and product groups there are in the shop. Furthermore the shop operator can create a new index, import a backup into the database and create a backup from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "eContent tasks" they can see how many products and product groups there are in the shop. Furthermore the shop operator can create a new index, import a backup into the database and create a backup from the database.
```

![](img/eContent.png)

> In the tab "eContent types" he can see the eContent types with their associated attributes (product_group and product) and the mapping information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the tab "eContent types" they can see the eContent types with their associated attributes (`product_group` and `product`) and the mapping information.
```
